This is the Changelog for the Booch Components. It's intended for
updating SourceForge releases, not as a standard ChangeLog; in other
words, it's for features, not detailed updates, and it's for features
actually in releases - it excludes work-in-progress.

yyyymmdd:

A release with ...

20110622:

Release 20110612 was missing the top-level bc.gpr and support files
for Indefinite Maps.

Compilation warnings eliminated.

20110612:

A release with various fixes and new Indefinite Unmanaged Container
forms.

There was a problem with BC.Support.High_Resolution_Time on 64-bit
compilers. Cleared by doing the Right Thing and using
Unchecked_Conversion instead of overlays.

On Mac OS X Snow Leopard, BC.Support.High_Resolution_Time failed
because the OS stops the Time Stamp Counter while the processor is
sleeping. Fortunately, on this OS, the resolution of the system clock
is 1 microsecond, so an implementation is provided that uses
Ada.Calendar.Time.

Pragmas Pure and Preelaborate used where possible.

Indefinite_Reference.Adjust failed if the Pointer was null (this
happened with Null_Container).

Finalization of Smart Pointers wasn't idempotent.

Bags, Maps and Sets allowed predefined equality to emerge (for Maps,
in the case of keys).

The dynamic and unmanaged forms of the Indefinite Containers have been
removed; dynamic on the grounds that it's an unneeded complexity, and
unmanaged in favour of Indefinite Unmanaged Containers.

A new tree of Indefinite Unmanaged Containers has been started,
containing for the moment just Collections and Maps. These provide
containment for indefinite types without the need for the user to
provide any storage managers.

20090226:

A release with fixes for Ring containers.

There was a problem when the Mark denoted an internal index before the
Top; Insert would improperly increment the Mark.

20090216:

This entry is intended as catch-up for the changes made between the
20070822 and 20090216 releases.

A release with some fixes for MacOS.

Altered the directory structure to a more standard form; the top level
is still bc-yyyymmdd, but under that is GNAT/ (supporting GNUAda and
other Ada projects on SourceForge), src/ for source, tests/ for tests
and demos/ for demos.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
For emacs:
Local Variables:
mode: text
End:
