-*- mode: text -*-

Introduction
============

The Ada 95 Booch Components (BCs for short) can be used without
special installation. After unpacking, all the source files are in the
src/ subdirectory of the distribution. For compilers other than GNAT,
it should be enough to import these source files in the appropriate
way.

Use with GNAT
=============

Simple source inclusion
-----------------------

For GNAT, a similar technique can be applied: include the source
directory in the compiler source path,

   $ gnatmake -I$HOME/bc-20110809/src foo.adb

Using GNAT Project
------------------

Alternatively, using the GNAT Project facility, add bc.gpr to your
project's "with"s:

   with "/Users/simon/bc-20110809/bc";
   project Foo is
      ...

With this approach, you can choose to use a static or relocatable
version of the library; the default is static. There's no great
advantage to choosing the relocatable version, since the BCs are
mainly generic and most of the object code will be in the
instantiations, in your library. Also, the relocatable version needs
to be located at run time, and at the time of writing (20110809) this
is only assured on Mac OS X.

To override the default, set LIBRARY_TYPE to "relocatable", either in
the environment or using the -XLIBRARY_TYPE=relocatable flag to
gnatmake or gprbuild. This flag is used for the same purpose in
AdaCore's library components (GNATcoll, XML/Ada etc), though possibly
with a different default.

Rather than explicitly naming the location of bc.gpr in your own GPR
files, a better way of using GNAT Project is to add the BC's top-level
directory to your ADA_PROJECT_PATH or GPR_PROJECT_PATH environment
variable: in the shell, or (the equivalent of) ~/.bashrc:

   $ export ADA_PROJECT_PATH=~/bc-20110809:$ADA_PROJECT_PATH

and then, in the GPR,

   with "bc";
   project Foo is
      ...

Note, you will need to use the '-p' switch to gnatmake or gprbuild to
tell them to create the necessary build directories.

Installation with the compiler
------------------------------

If you're using GCC or GNAT GPL, the best way is to install the BCs
alongside your compiler. Note, THIS DOES NOT WORK WITH DEBIAN (yet),
because of its different approach to file system layout for the Ada
subsystem.

The remaining instructions assume use on a Unix machine, or Cygwin if
on Windows.

In the top level of the BCs, say

   $ ./configure

This uses the output of gnatls -v to work out where to install the BCs
if you decide to; on this Mac OS X machine, it's under
/opt/gnat-gpl-2011/.

Then,

   $ make

to build both static and relocatable versions of the library, followed
by

   $ make install

(you may need to do this as root on Unix systems).
